feat: djangocon us grants news (#24)
djangocon/2025.djangocon.us: src/_content/posts/djangocon-us-grants.md

---
author: Communications Team
category: General
published_datetime: 2025-04-29 11:00:00

> title: "DjangoCon US Grants"

Reviewer: i think this would be better titled as something like an article or blog post- right now it reads like a standalone page

Author: Any suggestions?

---

> DjangoCon US isn't just a conference.. People come for the code and stay for the community. It's a conference for Pythonistas, web developers, open-source developers, and anyone who would like to learn something new about Django. It's where people come to know, connect, and grow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DjangoCon US isn't just a conference... People come for the code and stay for the community. It's a conference for Pythonistas, web developers, open-source developers, and anyone who would like to learn something new about the web. It's where people come to learn, connect, and grow. 
```

Everyone passionate about Django should have the chance to participate in this experience. That's why we have the [Opportunity Grants program for DjangoCon US 2025](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfuriCI4JtAEcTfLy9Qdk2h_DfmaGKE544svRfMJLCOu5eLDQ/viewform), and we wholeheartedly encourage you to [apply](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfuriCI4JtAEcTfLy9Qdk2h_DfmaGKE544svRfMJLCOu5eLDQ/viewform).

> Opportunity Grants can be as **simple as a free ticket**, whether you’re attending in person or online.

Reviewer: this would read better in the previous or next paragraph

> Opportunity Grants can be as **simple as a free ticket**, whether you’re attending in person or online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opportunity Grants can be as **simple as a free ticket**, whether you’re attending in person or online – and can even help assist in paying for flights, hotels and other travel expenses. The grant program exists to help community members attend our conference. You do not need to be a speaker or a first-time attendee to be eligible. If you're reading this and considering applying, then yes, you should [apply](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfuriCI4JtAEcTfLy9Qdk2h_DfmaGKE544svRfMJLCOu5eLDQ/viewform)!
```

> Whether you are a Django professional who wants to share your expertise, a student just beginning your journey with web development, or simply someone curious about the framework, these grants are designed to make DjangoCon US accessible. You do not need to be a speaker or a first-time attendee to be eligible. If you're reading this and considering applying, then yes, you should [apply](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfuriCI4JtAEcTfLy9Qdk2h_DfmaGKE544svRfMJLCOu5eLDQ/viewform)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not need to be a speaker or a first-time attendee to be eligible for a grant. If you're reading this and considering applying, then yes, you should [apply](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfuriCI4JtAEcTfLy9Qdk2h_DfmaGKE544svRfMJLCOu5eLDQ/viewform)!
```

Important Dates to Remember:
- Application Deadline: **May 4, 2025**, at Noon Eastern Daylight Time (America/New_York).
- Decision Notifications: Will be sent out by **June 23, 2025**.
- Recipients of Opportunity Grants will receive separate instructions on how to upload necessary receipts and provide their payment information to facilitate reimbursement.

> - Reimbursements are made a week after the conference, which typically lasts 4 to 5 weeks, to consolidate. Be patient, as the team is working tirelessly to get everyone sorted. In case of questions during that period, reach out to us via [email](mailto:grants@djangocon.us)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reimbursements are made **a week after the conference**, which typically lasts 4 to 5 weeks. Please be patient during that time, as the team is working tirelessly to get everyone sorted. In case of questions, reach out to us via [email](mailto:grants@djangocon.us)
```

These grants can assist with expenses such as:
- **Travel costs**: Transportation to Chicago.
- **Ground travel**: Getting to the conference to where you are staying.
- **Accommodation**: Lodging during the conference.
- **Meals**: Ensuring you have nourishment throughout the conference.
- **Visa fees**: If applicable for international attendees.
- **Other relevant expenses**: We understand that individual circumstances vary.

The application process is straightforward and conducted through a Google form. We want to make it easy for you to express interest in attending DjangoCon US.

The [form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfuriCI4JtAEcTfLy9Qdk2h_DfmaGKE544svRfMJLCOu5eLDQ/viewform) collects the following information to help us understand your situation and needs:
- **Contact Information**: To communicate decisions.

> - **Affiliation**: Company, organisation, or individual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Affiliation**: Company, organization, or individual.
```

- **Django Background**: Your experience, reasons for attending, Django usage, and community involvement (to gauge interest).
- **Attendance History**: First-time attendee status.
- **Speaking Status**: If you've applied to speak.
- **First-Time Speaker**: If accepted, would this be your first Django-related conference talk?
- **Your Situation**: To understand your background.
- **Financial Needs**: Funding amount (excluding ticket) and a cost breakdown (flights, travel, lodging, meals, visa, etc.).

> - **Payment Information**: Confirmation of PayPal or Wise account (flexible if needed).

Reviewer: @adamfast do we want to push wise or should we mention another payment platform here?

> In the review process, we offer all applicants equal opportunities, regardless of their role, whether as speakers, attendees, volunteers, or in other capacities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the review process we offer all applicants equal opportunities – regardless of their role, whether as speakers, attendees, volunteers, or in other capacities.
```

> As an open-source framework, we value open source. That is why we use an open-source tool called [Grorg](https://github.com/andrewgodwin/grorg), which is available to the Opportunity Grants committee volunteers who review all applications. Applications are constantly reviewed by more than one person to avoid bias and are scored by the reviewers.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use an open-source tool called [Grorg](https://github.com/andrewgodwin/grorg), which is available to the Opportunity Grants committee volunteers who review all applications. Applications are constantly reviewed by more than one person to avoid bias and are scored by the reviewers.  
```

The scores are relative; having a high or a low score does not guarantee you will get the grant. Before making a decision, we consider other factors. Applying for a grant may mean you get accepted or denied. Either way, we would still like you to attend the conference.

The DjangoCon US Opportunity Grants Committee will carefully review your application. We encourage you to be thorough and honest in your responses.

DjangoCon US 2025 in Chicago (September 8- 12th, 2025) is an incredible conference; we want you to be there! Don't let financial constraints be a barrier.

> Ready to take the next step? You can find the Opportunity Grants application [form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfuriCI4JtAEcTfLy9Qdk2h_DfmaGKE544svRfMJLCOu5eLDQ/viewform). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ready to take the next step? Fill out the Opportunity Grants application [form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfuriCI4JtAEcTfLy9Qdk2h_DfmaGKE544svRfMJLCOu5eLDQ/viewform)! 
```
